Intellectually added some styling to our card component.
So I think it's probably already to go from the visual side but now we need to build to use it in somehow.
Right.
We've got to really use the card component we just made so really quick.
I want to pop open a diagram that we're looking at a little bit ago.
And the GSX on the right hand side we had said that the card was going to be kind of like the overall
rectangle for this thing.
And in the GSX you may have noticed that I put some other components within the card tag.
Now we've already seen instances where we passed one component to another within sight of some tag but
that was always when we used it with a view attack.
So if I go back to my top level app component you'll see that I placed that tag and I gave you tagged
the header in the album list.
But right now we'll only know how to pass kind of data down into a component as a distinct prop.
So we need to figure out some other different fashion to pass components around so that one component
can render another much in the same way that that tag renders the header and the album list.
So it's kind of hard to give you a really nice lead in into exactly how this works.
So we're getting kind of just die right in and I can show you exactly how to do this first.
I'm going to find the component that I want to wrap with a card component and so that's going to be
our album detail.
So inside the album detail I'm going to import card from card.
Now here's how it's going to work.
I'm just going replace the existing new tags that I have in here with the card component.
So now I've got a card.
And it's being passed the text.
I'm not using the tag anymore from re-act native and Soller move that import off the top.
OK.
So this this looks like what we want right.
We've got our component card and we are passing it to text tag but we need to now manually tell the
card component hey if you get past any components you know if you get past a text or a card section
or another view or whatever it might be you need to be responsible for rendering this at some point
in time.
So we have to instruct card on how to render any children then it gets passed directly.
So here's how we do that.
I'm going to flip back over toward car component.
Here we go.
And then we'll add in our proffer is my reference to prop's as the argument.
Now here's the magic.
Any time that we pass a component that we write another component that component will show up on the
prop's object as props dot children.
So if we just add a reference inside of our GSX to prop's children it will render any components that
we passed to this current one.
So now we can kind of imagine that by adding what we just added you know the reference to props to our
children.
We kind of took this text tag right here.
They were passing the card inside of album detail and we're kind of just saying you know I just take
that whole thing and just stick it right in here you know just stick it in between the two of tags.
That's exactly what's going on by just adding this reference to props to our children.
OK.
So I think that we're now in a good spot.
It was a good test inside the simulator.
Let's pop up and the simulator will do a refresh
and do a little bit of a reload.
And there we go.
All right.
So we've got what looks like you know.
It's not super pretty just yet but we definitely have the card component in there.
We've got a nice outline on the top and a shadow on the bottom and it appears that there is some margin
on the left and right hand side.
So you see that's the 5 pics that we had on either side.
And in-between each card is the 10 of spacings so the cards are not exactly but up against each other
some kind of space there.
You also also notice we reclaimed the space at the top for the shadow on the header.
That was actually getting obstructed before with what we had previously.
OK.
So this is looking pretty good.
Our card component is now in use.
Let's continue on the next section.